1: Write a MongoDB query to display all the documents in the collection restaurants.

2. Write a MongoDB query to display the fields restaurant_id, name, borough and cuisine for all the documents in the collection restaurant.

3. Write a MongoDB query to display the fields restaurant_id, name, borough and cuisine, but exclude the field _id for all the documents in the collection restaurant.


4. Write a MongoDB query to display all the restaurant which is in the borough Bronx


5. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants who achieved a score more than 90.

6. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants that achieved a score, more than 80 but less than 100.

7. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants that do not prepare any cuisine of 'American' and their grade score more than 70 and latitude less than -65.754168. 

8. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which contain 'Wil' as first three letters for its name.


9. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants which belong to the borough Bronx and prepared either American or Chinese dish.

10. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which belong to the borough Staten Island or Queens or Bronxor Brooklyn.


11. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which achieved a score which is not more than 10


12. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, and grades for those restaurants which achieved a grade of "A" and scored 11 on an ISODate "2014-08-11T00:00:00Z" among many of survey dates..


13. Write a MongoDB query to arrange the name of the restaurants in ascending order along with all the columns. 


14. Write a MongoDB query to arranged the name of the cuisine in ascending order and for that same cuisine borough should be in descending order.


15. Write a MongoDB query to know whether all the addresses contains the street or not.


16. Write a MongoDB query which will select the restaurant Id, name and grades for those restaurants which returns 0 as a remainder after dividing the score by 7.

